Dimensions and contexts of selfhood.
Few ideas are both as weighty and as slippery as the notion of the self.
 By.
"self" we commonly mean the particular being any person is, whatever it.
is about each of us that distinguishes you or me from others, draws the.
parts of our existence together, persists through changes, or opens the way.
to becoming who we might or should be.
 From knowledge of what the self.
truly is people have hoped to gain greater happiness, deeper fulfillment,.
liberation from fetters or restraints, better relations with other people, or.
ways to achieve power over them.
 Selfhood thus matters to us both as.
individuals and as social creatures, shaping our personal existence and our.
relations with those whose lives we somehow share.
But what is this self whose understanding seems to promise so much?.
Many practically minded people hardly think the question worth posing,.
knowing well enough who they are for their purposes, thank you, while.
those who offer answers to it often do so for expedient or self-interested.
reasons: to support a political program, validate a religious belief or prac-.
tice, foster or oppose some social policy, justify failings or pretensions, or.
establish a claim to therapeutic power.
 The nature and meaning of the self.
are subject to constant redefinition, as it is ever-again taken up on behalf of.
some partisan aim or project.
 And yet the question does not lose its force.
from being appropriated in these ways.
 Faced with outdated, self-interested,.
malign, or inadequate answers to it, people have over and over responded.
with a desire for better ones, if only to counter the effects ofthose that will.
not do.
Hence the nature and meaning ofselfhood have been recurring questions,.
implicitly or explicitly, in practically every known human time and place.
Nowhere has the debate been more full-blown or more intense than in the.
modern West, the locale in which individuality has been both most fer-.
vently celebrated and most ardently denounced.
 On the one hand, Europe.
and America have been the scene of "the emancipation of the individual,".
of the politics of rights and "careers open to talent," the celebration of self.
and even of self-interest, of the search for originality and the artistic and.
scientific cult of the sovereign and sometimes lonely genius.
 Yet much of.
the history of modern thought and culture is a story of the ways people have.
found to call all these claims for individual independence into question, to.
transcend mere selves by fusing them with communities, nations, classes,.
or cultures, or to humble them by trumpeting their radical dependency on.
historical processes, cosmic forces, biological drives, fundamental ontolo-.
gies, discursive regimes, or semiotic systems.
 More 'than any other world.
culture, the modern West has made the debate about individuality and.
selfhood a central question — perhaps the central question — of its collective.
